gh-103237: Polish pdb docs (#103238)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pdb.rst

   > ...(3)double()
   -> return x * 2
   (Pdb) p x
   3
   (Pdb) continue
   3 * 2 is 6

.. versionchanged:: 3.3
   Tab-completion via the :mod:`readline` module is available for commands and
   command arguments, e.g. the current global and local names are offered as
   arguments of the ``p`` command.

You can also invoke :mod:`pdb` from the command line to debug other scripts.  For
example::

   python -m pdb myscript.py

When invoked as a module, pdb will automatically enter post-mortem debugging if
the program being debugged exits abnormally.  After post-mortem debugging (or
after normal exit of the program), pdb will restart the program.  Automatic
restarting preserves pdb's state (such as breakpoints) and in most cases is more
useful than quitting the debugger upon program's exit.

.. versionadded:: 3.2
   ``-c`` option is introduced to execute commands as if given
   in a :file:`.pdbrc` file, see :ref:`debugger-commands`.

.. versionadded:: 3.7
   ``-m`` option is introduced to execute modules similar to the way
   ``python -m`` does. As with a script, the debugger will pause execution just
   before the first line of the module.

> Typical usage to run a program under control of the debugger is::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typical usage to execute a statement under control of the debugger is::
```

   >>> import pdb
   >>> def f(x):
   ...     print(1 / x)
   >>> pdb.run("f(2)")
   > <string>(1)<module>()
   (Pdb) continue
   0.5
   >>>

The typical usage to inspect a crashed program is::

   >>> import pdb
   >>> def f(x):
   ...     print(1 / x)

>    >>> pdb.run("f(0)")

Reviewer: I think this example might be clearer without the `pdb.run` and continue, since it makes clear you don't have to have the debugger running beforehand. For this reason, could be nice to move the `import pdb` to just before `pdb.pm()` as well

   Without *expression*, list all display expressions for the current frame.

   .. note::

      Display evaluates *expression* and compares to the result of the previous
      evaluation of *expression*, so when the result is mutable, display may not
      be able to pick up the changes.

   Example::

      lst = []
      breakpoint()
      lst.append(1)
      print(lst)

   Display won't realize ``lst`` has been changed::

      > /home/gaogaotiantian/programs/mycpython/example.py(3)<module>()

>       -> lst.append(1)

Reviewer: To beginners, I think it might not be fully clear that `lst.append(1)` has not yet executed. Maybe the program could have a `pass` in between `breakpoint()` and `lst.append(1)`?

Author: Great recommendation. I also updated a "working" example so the users can compare the difference.

      (Pdb) display lst
      display lst: []
      (Pdb) n

>       > /home/gaogaotiantian/programs/mycpython/example.py(4)<module>()

Reviewer: nit: don't use the actual absolute path
```suggestion
      > example.py(4)<module>()
```
